

Please distribute these procedures to the Northern Customer Service teams and explain to them the importance of collecting our transportation revenues on time.  If they need further clarification or have questions, please give me a call.

Rick


See below regarding PJM West market trials.

-----


nope...your loss though


Phil Gote of NYISO called.  They have an application from ENA to participate in the "Virtual Bidding Markets", which I expect we are not going to do for either EES or EPMI.  Please let me know so they can close out the application.  Thanks.


Bernice,
I added the unique 4 digit Data codes to column T of the attached spreadsheets.
Let me know if there is anything else you need from me.


The location for the Options session on Monday at 1:00 has been changed to ECS05990.

Dave


Please note that the EnronOnline Phase 2 training sessions scheduled for
Wednesday and Thursday of this week have been rescheduled to ensure that the
training sessions include both the new website and the new Stack Manager
functionality for Price Limit Orders.

The rescheduled dates are as follows:


Houston

Session 1 - Tuesday, Sept. 5 3:00 EB568.
Session 2 - Thursday, Sept. 7 4:00 EB568


All Other Offices

Please contact Tammie Schoppe at 713 853 4220 to book a session. Note that
sessions for European traders will be announced separately.


If you have any questions about the above, please contact Dave Samuels at 713
853 6931 or myself at 713 853 1861.


Your thoughts?

-----


I am pleased to announce the following organizational changes within EGM Operations & Accounting effective immediately:

Todd Hall will be relocating to London and will assume responsibility for all EGM operational activities in London including Risk Management, Confirmations, Coordination & Settlements and Trade Accounting.  Todd will be working closely with the EGM business unit heads in London to ensure their businesses are being supported in an effective and efficient manner.

Cindy Horn will assume the role of EGM IT & Remote Office Controller.  She will be responsible for the oversight and coordination of all IT projects affecting the Operations group.  Her duties will include monitoring and reporting project timelines and expenses and ensuring IT is being utilized in the most cost-effective manner within Operations.  Cindy will also manage the operational activities of the Singapore and Tokyo offices and coordinate with the Sydney office in regards to EGM operations.

Michelle Bruce will assume responsibility for Risk Management in the Houston office for Crude & Products, Coal and Weather.  She will also continue to manage the Confirmation, Coordination & Settlements and Trade Accounting functions in Houston.

Please join me in congratulating these individuals on their new assignments.


The Enron Basketball Association is hosting a full court "five on five"
tournament on September 16, 2000 from 8:00 a.m. untill 12:00 noon at Lutheran
North High School near the Loop 610 north and Shepherd.

You will be able to enter an entire team or enter as an individual and be
placed on a team.

If you are interested in participating, please contact one of the following
people prior to September 7th:
Jamie Lynn  ext.  3-9515
Rick Dietz   ext.  3-5691
Steve Kleb  ext. 3-3959

We will have a team captain's meeting on September 8th to discuss the
tournament rules and prizes.  We plan to limit the tournament to eight teams,
so please sign up soon to join in on the fun.  There is no entry fee for
Enron Basketball Association Members.

Thanks,

Jamie Lynn, President
Enron Basketball Association


Attached is a draft of the master energy agreement for HD and the
Confirmation for the CA facilities.  Would like to send out to HD today for
their review.  Redlines reflect our response to issues raised by HD in our
last meeting and their subsequent memo.  Points for consideration to make
sure we are all on same page:

Where we terminate for a Change in Law or utility non performance, we
calculate our Early Termination Payment; if there is a Loss, we get paid; if
there is a Gain, we pay customer
Early Termination Payment on Default is set up to be one way.  Carol, Jeff
and Denise--I want to make sure that there is not some netting, set off ,
bankruptcy, or forward contract reason for us to go with 2 way payments here.
Credit terms included per Denise
Metering: I have included charges for meters; however, I am not clear on
whether we need all of the sublicense documentation.  If someone can shed
some light on this issue, that would be great.  HD has commented on the
sublicense, but I have not yet addressed pending resolution of this issue.

MDS


Dear Colleagues,

We know you have many questions about your new benefits plan, payroll issues and other changes that will occur over the next few weeks. Human Resources and Communications are preparing a thorough Q&A, which we will send to you tomorrow and will regularly update as more information is available.

Meanwhile, please read the announcement below from Security about how you can obtain a new UBS Warburg access card that will allow you to enter our new office space after Friday.

I am confident that you share my enthusiasm about our new opportunity.  We look forward to working along side each of you in the coming days.

David Oxley
Head, Human Resources
____________________________________________________________________

Access Cards

There will be a two-day transition for the new UBS Warburg access cards. Beginning Monday, February 11, access to the 5th and 6th floors of Enron Center South will require these new cards. UBS Warburg access cards can be picked up from 7 a.m. to 7 p.m. at the reception area on the 5th floor of Enron Center South on Thursday, February 7th ; Friday, February 8th ; and Monday, February 11. Enron Security will produce new access cards with existing photographs, then simultaneously issue the new and collect the old cards. Employees without UBS Warburg cards will be allowed into the Enron Center South building on Monday but will have to collect their new cards as soon as possible to gain access to the 5th and 6th floors.

Employees who fail to collect their new cards by 7 p.m. Monday will be required to contact Enron Security's general information number at 713-853-5360 to arrange to pick them up.

There will be security staff available at the pick up point on ECS 5 to help with any problems you might have.

It is suggested employees wear their access cards at all times while on the premise.

Accessible Areas - The new cards will allow UBS-W employees to enter:
5th & 6th floors and Plaza area of Enron Center South ,
The Sky Ring
Body Shop, Enron Center North Plaza and therefore access the Credit Union and Cafeteria from either building.

Restricted Areas - Employees must submit to Enron Security a Restricted Access Request form (available by calling 713 8535360 ) and signed by Bob McAuliffe (713-853-7468) to enter:
Enron Center South, 8th and 9th floors
Enron Center North, 22nd and 34th floor
Ardmore Data Center.

Employees staying with the Enron estate while visa and other issues are completed - Employees in this group who are on assignment arrangements to UBS-W will be issued a regular access card - available in the same way as other new UBS-W employees.

Estate employees who are working with UBS-W on transition issues  - If they will be based in UBS-W office space they should talk to their UBS-W counterpart for approval and then UBSW HR for the issue of a UBS-W contractor card (in addition to their regular Enron badge).


There are currently three Southeast curves being marked:
R3 - Serc
R3A - Florida/Georgia Border
R3C - Into FRCC
When trading at one of these points please enter the deals as Eastern
Prevailing Time.  Peak = HE 0800 to HE 2300.
We will change all deals that are live in the system as of last night.  If
you have any questions, please give myself or Mitzie Scott a call.


The lists have been moved to o/common/pwrmarketing so they are accessible for people in both Houston and Portland.  Please let me know if you have not been granted access.


We have reached $100 Billion. Please come to Jay's office at 3:30 to receive
a small gift.

If you work with the Valtech (Mike's group) or Luminant people (Chris'
group), please ensure they know that they are invited.

Thanks,

Dave


PJM West is scheduled to go into operation January 1, 2002 (there is some talk that the IT vendors are somewhat behind schedule do to the priority of getting NYC back in operation and that this may delay the startup - I will keep you posted).  On Day 1 of operation, PJM West will be the Allegheny control area only.  Work is progressing on Duquesne and the earliest date I have heard for integration of Duquesne into PJM West is sometime in the 1st quarter of 2002.  PJM West and PJM proper will be integrated such that there is one energy market (day-ahead and real-time) across the entire region, based on LMP, and no pancaking of transmission rates (pay the rate of the transmission system at point of withdrawal just as is done in PJM today).  However, there will be two different capacity markets - ICAP in PJM and ACAP in PJM West - to reflect the difference in reliability standards of the two NERC regions.

PJM has recently announced PJM West market trials for the Day-Ahead market on Nov 21 and Nov 28.  Real-time energy market trials are scheduled to be conducted starting on Nov 26 and continuing through Dec 31.  For additional information regarding the market trial see the enclosed notice from PJM.

-----


FYI

-----


To alert you to another item that may arise:  Some industrials have air
permits that restrict them to running for self-supply backup generation
only.  In such case, the air permit may have to be amended by the industrial
before it can sell to the grid.  Feel free to call upon Gov't Affairs if you
have a question about this.

Christi L Nicolay
05/01/2001 05:28 AM


It is not necessary.    Other than Tracy, he would be the only one of the accounting and finance people there and Stan is trying to limit the attendance to the group necessary for the discussions.

-----


On 3/14/01, FERC upheld a provision in a utility pro forma interconnection
agreement, which provides that the terms and conditions of the IA would be
superseded by any pertinent interconnection provisions required by an RTO, if
the utility joins an RTO.  (APS case)

We have been monitoring RTO proposed interconnection procedures and IA
provisions and commenting as necessary.  We need to be mindful of this order
as we negotiate IAs for our sites to the extent that such a provision is
included in the draft IA.


Please remind everyone that works for you that the book EPMI-SOUTHEAST is no longer in use.  No transactions should be entered with this book.

Thanks,
Stacey


Ava,
Commencing with the August 15 pay period, please start coding 100% of Amy Milligan's time to work order E002494.03.  This is according to our payout for the Citizens/EAMR agreement.  Continue to use this methodology until further notice.

If you have any questions, please advise.

Thanks,
Donna


Cheryl,
The risk management group will be taking over the duties from the controls group as far as setting up new books.  I have attached five book requests that need to be set up for Netco.  Once these are set up can you please call me so I can tell Cecilia.  I will also need the Global ID # to give to EOL for their needs.
Thanks,


Lloyd Will is my fundies interface, and, in general, we have received very good support from Research.

-----


Please keep this to yourself.

Sally Beck will meet with you guys this week about having logistic leads for your respective regions reporting to you'all.

Let me know how it goes.

Lavo


Hi all.  Stacy and I have finally moved to 16.  Since so many people were out or swamped this week, I didn't get to say a proper goodbye so thought I would write one.  I enjoyed being your neighbor and already miss all of you.

Have a Happy Thanksgiving!

Kelly


The 3 FERC staffers will be at Dynegy next Tues to observe power and gas
traders starting at 7 am.  They will then have a presentation from Dynegy's
online platform person (like our Dave).

While at Enron Monday afternoon, we will probably have them sit with both
Kevin (power) and Phillip (gas) after Dave's presentation.


You will find your book names on the attached spreadsheet.

KK


The August issue of Gas Flows looks at the short term natural gas prices and forecasted demand.


Rita Hartfield
Phone:  713-853-5854
Fax:  713-646-4702
Cell:  713-504-5428
Rita.Hartfield@enron.com


The attached document should complement the documents sent earlier by Chris Calger.   Hopefully, the combination of the two will provide some organization and focus at our 9:30 am meeting on Wednesday morning to discuss the "NETCO" Start-up initiatives.


Change in Gross Margin:
Blue Dog moved to Q2 from Q3:						$3.5MM
PSCo: additional income taken due to construction completion :		$5MM
Las Vegas: additional income taken due to toll closure:			$5.3MM
Pastoria: income reduced due to expenses and related writeoffs:		-$2MM
Total Gross Margin Change:	$11.8MM

Gross Margin to Date:
Pastoria:			$39MM
PSCo (Fountain Valley):		$10MM ($7MM more to be recognized in Q3)
Turbine Swap:			 $3.7MM (+ $2.1MM to Jacoby)
DWR:				$7MM
Las Vegas:			$5.3MM
Blue Dog:			$3.5MM
Other:				$1MM
SubTotal:		$69.5MM
QI QF Valuation:		-$5MM
Total:			$64.5MM

Hotlist Summary:
PSCo, Q3			$7MM
Las Vegas, Q3			$20MM
Saguaro, Q3			$5MM
Longview, Q4			$15MM
Various Commodity		$20MM
Total:			$67MM

Total Forecast:		$131.5MM

Deal Update:

Las Vegas:  Meetings and site visits scheduled with Northland, Black Hills and Allegheny.  All have registered a lot of time on Dealbench.  Northland brought there investment bankers (CIBC) to Portland and hired an independent engineering firm.  We will have the info memorandum prepared this week tosend out to other potential purchasers if necessary.  Still on track.

AMPS: We are negotiating with two industrials, each can take the first two units.  Oregon Steel in Portland and Geneva Steel in Utah.  Geneva is a better site (permitting and infrastructure).  High elevation in Utah will derate the output of the units, but will likely be able to run most hours.  Oregon interconnects with Portland General (good) but permit will restrict hours (3,500 hours estimate).  We need to talk this week to discuss the form of the contract and value/risk transfer between ENA and AMPS.

Wind:	We completed a term sale to Edwards Air Force Base consisting of shaped energy and green tags.  Tags came from our existing biomass tags and Texas wind.  We will purchase the balance from Pacificorp.  We expect more activity here with other feds, some of the munis and 6-7 developers that we are working with.

Generator Tolls: We are trading term sheets with Allegheny, Reliant, Idacorp, Dynegy, NRG and Constellation re our offer to sell at NP-15, Mid-C and Palo - I think we will get something done this quarter.

Longview: We met with the head of BPA this week and got confirmation that he supports our Longview process and that his agency will not slow us down with their proposed regional air study.  Finding EPC contractors has been difficult so we may start discussions with NEPCO.

DWR: Should execute the Master agreement this week which will allow short-term deals with 7 day payment.


March 31, 2001 is my last day at Enron.  My years at Enron has been a very
exciting and challenging period in my life.  Nevertheless, I,m very excited
to be moving on to new things as well.  I shall miss many of the good people
there that I have had the honor to work with.  As of the beginning of April
my Enron address will be invalid, please contact me using the below added
means.

Tom Delaney
1929 E. Seminole Dr.
Phoenix, Arizona 85022
TomDelaneyAZ@aol.com
602-321-5017


Hello...
Despite my thoughts, you like baseball.   So the question is do you like art
(as in musuems)  ?
I'm leaning towards yes but don't know for sure.


We are getting ready for the launch of "NetcoOnline".

We have been preparing new documentation, a refreshed site design and cleaned products to reflect our Gas and Power focus.

Our planned Re-Launch timetable is as follows:


Week of Jan 14:

Upon approval by the new buyer of the PA and ETA formats, we will contact our Top 50 customers and send them copies of the final PA and ETA forms with the new Buyer's name filled in. During this week, we will be working hard to get as many of the PA's returned as possible. Once we have an approved PA, we can send the customer their new User ID, which will allow them to start trading on the day we launch "NetCoOnline".

A Splash page will be available within two business days of knowing our new company name, on a web page reached via an automatic redirect from www.enrononline.com. This page will tell customers about the pending launch of "NetCoOnline" and provide links to the PA and Registration screens and also to the User Admin screens, which will allow customer Master Users to start setting up their Subusers.

A Press Release will be issued which will include the planned launch date of "NetcoOnline"

Week of Jan. 21:

If all goes well, "NetcoOnline" will be launched on Tuesday, January 22, with at least financial products (timing for gas physical and power physical to be determined according to regulatory issues).

We will send out a mass mailing to approx. 3,000 individuals at 450 companies inviting them to sign up for NetcoOnline. Included in the package will be a simple brochure, copies of the PA and ETA and a list of Frequently Asked Questions.

General Terms and Conditions (GTC's) will be available online and must be accepted online before a company can start to trade a particular commodity.

Trading/Origination Coordination

We will shortly be sending you an invitation to join a meeting in which we will be discussing launch plans in more detail and looking for people to help in contacting customers on our Top 50 list. Although we have a dedicated EnronOnline marketing team, we would appreciate assistance from traders and originators who have strong relationships with our customers and can assist in getting signed PA's returned to us.

If you have any questions please contact Bob Shults (30397) or Dave Forster (31861).


Attached below is a copy of the meeting notes from the Field UAF meeting.

-----


Hi all,
We have updated the PSIM model. The current version can handle more realistic
operational constraints by selecting "Semi Optimal Dispatch" toggle for Dispatch
Mode. This dispatch mode considers minimum up hours, minimum down hours,
ramp-up hours, start up cost, fuel switching cost, forward looking within a
user-specified period of time. It also allows user to enter their estimate of ISO
curtailment on their generation capacity by month in "Asset" page.

help files in one directory of your choice.


Alex


Yea, problem is I left at noon to catch my flight, but Marc had a later
flight because NY is closer to Columbus than here. Right after I left, the
market got very busy and Marc decided to stay at work and not go.  So that
sucked.

Jennifer Burns

10/12/2000 04:09 PM


Hi everyone,
We have another Brown Bag Lunch on Option Pricing this Friday, June 8, 12 noon at 19C2.

Sevil will demonstrate PJM Bid Profiler,  a tool or an application that is used by some of the
North East traders to look at unit specific energy bids in daily auction of PJM and NePool.
This tool was created by using Delphi and Perl (database programming languages).

Come and enjoy it.

Best,
Zimin, Alex


If you have information to complement or complete what is here, please let me know.

-----


I want to move forward with scheduling the initial meeting of the Operational Risk Management task force.  How does Tuesday, October 16th and the afternoon of Thursday, October 18th look for everyone?  Please let me know your schedule for both of these dates.  Most of the task force members have been identified, with the exception of those from GRMO and IT.  Sally Beck will identify representatives from these two areas.  I would also expect that other individuals may be consulted from time to time as additional expertise or resources or required.

I intend to schedule a two-hour block of time for this meeting.  The agenda will include, at a minimum,  the following topics:

Definition of Operational Risk for  Enron - What's in and What's Out
Preliminary Goals for Operational Risk Management (to be refined by the group)
Develop Common Language
Identify Framework for Monitoring Risk
Role of this task force  - Strategy
Set common objectives for implementation this year and a look forward to 2002
Current Initiatives
Communications Plan
Open Discussion - Other Ideas from the group
- Suggestions re other groups/individuals to include on the task force


I am excited about leading this initiative for Enron.  We have a unique opportunity to define operational risk measurement for Enron, develop reporting guidelines, and provide qualitative assessments of operational risk, all of which will be considered during the risk capital allocation process.   But most importantly, we can identify ways to mitigate Enron's exposure to operational risk.  Please call if you would like to discuss any of the above prior to the meeting.

Thanks,
Wanda Curry


Dari,

Listed below are the volumes from plant PTR and NNG calculated PTR based on inlet/outlet measurement for September 12 - 17.  The Plant PTR values were obtained from a letter from ONEOK  to Harry Woodson dated November 1, 2001.  This information may help in determining the settlement volume for this time period.


Date		Plant PTR		NNG PTR		Difference
9/12/2001	88,335			90,910			2,575
9/13/2001	92,175			95,968			3,793
9/14/2001	93,525			96,151			2,626
9/15/2001	95,422			98,994			3,572
9/16/2001	96,881			98,783			1,902
9/17/2001	92,584			95,365			2,781
TOTAL	          17,249

-----


http://www.skytel.com/


On March 16, Martin Lin will be participating in a panel discussion with Dick
O'Neill of FERC, a rep. of Morgan Stanley, and Ed Cazalet of APX on "Market
Turmoil, Trading and Risk Management" (Harvard Electricity Group).  At the
present time, except in several limited regions, marketers do not have the
ability to hedge transmission risk by reselling it above cost.  Last year, we
approached Dick O'Neill's staff about the possibility of lifting the cap on
resales of transmission, but they were not inclined to proceed absent the use
of certain restrictions.  There have been several recent developments in
power and gas, as discussed in the attached memo.  It would be helpful for
Martin to discuss these recent orders as necessary in order to attempt to
gain support from Dick O'Neill for the idea of lifting the cap for power.
After Martin's discussion, we should consider reapproaching FERC to seek
approval.


With the recent movement in long term interest rates, I thought I would update you on Enron's exposure to Greenfield. Enron has a long term interest rate swap (which is in the money to Enron) in place with Greenfield, which has recently appreciated considerably. Preserving the value of this swap has become our top priority.

This is a quick summary of Enron's exposure to Greenfield.

Greenfield (In order of seniority):
Senior Debt			110mn
Additional Sponsor Loans	55mn (Not yet funded)
ECT Interest Rate Swap		16mn
Shareholder Loans		9mn
Equity				55mn
Total				245mn

Enron Exposure (In order of seniority):
Additional Sponsor Loans 	11mn (Not yet funded, no obligation to do so)
ECT Interest Rate Swap		16mn
Shareholder Loans		2.4mn
Equity				11mn
Total				29.4mn (Excluding Additional Sponsor Loan)

Current discussions center around a sale of the vessel to a third party. El Paso have recently submitted a letter indicating a potential bid of 210-215 million. If this sale were to be completed, Enron would recover the swap breakage of 16mn and the Shareholder loan of 2.4mn entirely, and would recover approximaetly $4 million of equity, resulting in an overall write off of approximately $7mn. The timing of this transaction is not yet certain, but our intention would be to delay until Q102. A sale to a third party at this level would represent the best possible solution for Enron, and our efforts are concentrated in this area

In discussions held last week with Jim Hughes, Jim indicated that he thought it was appropriate that his group should bear the loss associated with this transaction, as it was originally entered into because of Dabhol. The Global LNG group and the Finance group will continue to push as hard as possible to resolve this matter in the best interests of Enron, and we remain in constant liaison with the DPC group.

Please feel free to contact us if you have any further questions.

Thanks,
Jonathan


I will not make the cio mtg at 1


While we have certainly been arguing that the market can determine and include the capacity in the energy price (without the need for a reserves/icap market), the new FERC (Massey, Breathitt, Wood and Brownell) may shed some light on their current thinking in the NE order below issued 8/28/01.  While accepting the current NE program with certain changes, FERC is requiring NE to consider alternatives and report to the Commission by December 3.  Some quotes from the order:

p. 11:  "In a competitive market, the market itself is expected to provide the signals that new construction is needed.  These signals are most frequently provided in the form of supply shortages and the rise in prices that may result.  However, because it can take up to two years to construct new generation (or longer for certain types of generation) ICAP will help to ensure that this new capacity is brought on line when needed in order to avoid critical capacity shortages.  ICAP is intended to serve this purpose by creating the incentive to construct adequate capacity sooner rather than later, and to avoid the price spikes and supply disruptions that a shortage of capacity can cause... thus, a properly-structured ICAP requirement serves an important reliability function and provides an incentive for members to build or acquire needed generation in a timely manner.

While the parties ..may disagree over the appropriate methodology to price ICAP deficiencies, the underlying objective should be clear, i.e., an ICAP deficiency 	charge that will motivate participants to secure sufficient ICAP, to build new generation, and to offer that generation to others.

Future alternatives to ICAP:  Among the possible mechanisms, one such mechanism would be the acquisition of reserves on a forward basis....Another (or possibly 	complementary) option would be the use of demand side mechanisms, i.e., allowing LSEs to meet part of their capacity requirement by identifying load that would 	curtail usage, when directed by the grid operator."

This should give us more opportunities to educate the Commission on alternatives.  Thanks.

-----


TFS Brokers have signed an LOI to license Broker Client for NA natural gas.  Please give Allen Kurzer 6 guest ids while we work on the agreements.  Allan's email is akurzer@tfsbrokers.com

All transactions executed on Broker Client will be a zero brokerage.

Call with any questions.

Bob Shults
EnronOnline LLC
Houston, Texas 77002-7361
713 853-0397
713 825-6372 cell
713 646-2126
bob.shults@enron.com


Hi all,
The scheduled Wednesday (Nov. 8) presentation has to be cancelled.  Even
though in his earlier message
Mike said Wednesday is ok, now they will have problem sending people.
I will try to reschedule the presentation to a later date.


---------------------- 


Some guy at Duke told Mark Frevert today that on March 15th, Duke won a court ruling saying that they expanded the scope of the PanNat Arbitration.

True?


The following individuals are scheduled to move September 27th (Thursday).  Please have your boxes and equipment labeled by 5:30 p.m.
You will receive a packet on the day of your move from the move team that contains information pertinent to your move.  Be sure to use the
preprinted colored labels to identify all items included in your move.  A diagram is included for you to specify how you would like
your new desktop arranged.  Please let me know if you have any concerns or questions.  Good Luck!  Donna

Floor 39		Phone 	From	To			Printers	To	Comments
Schoolcraft, Darrell	1	34299	4120J	3971			4135g	3969a	etsmarketservicesj
Kowalke, Terry	2	36403	4120G	3972
Giambrone, Laura	3	36725	4135G	3975
Minter, Tracy	4	37309	4135H	3979
Mulligan, Amy	5	30439	4135J	3973			4110	3963a	etsmarketservicesl
McEvoy, Christine	6	37303	4135K	3976
Hernandez, Bert	7	35742	4135M	3978
Miller, Chris	8	54706	4135F	3977					dual phone Beverly Miller 37416
Ward, Linda	9	37411	4135E	3974
Copier							4125	3969a	Narrow walkway or 3963a


Please forward this note to the Northern and Transwestern customer teams to insure they know what to do with any physical checks that may come addressed to Gas Logistics for the payment of transportation services or the settlement of imbalances.

Every day before lunch time, Josh will stop by and pick up any checks received by Gas Logistics and deliver them to Tracy Geaccone for timely delivery to Treasury.

Rick

-----


Praise the Lord

-----


EnronOnline/NetCoOnline status update:
- "NetCoOnline" will be distinct from EnronOnline, with much the same functionality and a refreshed look.
- We will carry data to support the same gas and power products as were on EnronOnline. Please contact us if you will need different products from what was on EnronOnline.
- We have prepared a list of top customers in CDN and US Gas and Power (copy attached), which we will be using as a guide in chasing signed Password Applications.
- To speed the registration process, top customers will be preloaded into the system for activation as soon as we receive their Password Application.
- We are intending to use a simple, online GTC, which can be superceded by a negotiated Master Agreement, as with EnronOnline.
- Internal trader names have been circulated to each desk head for approval.
Dave

-----


PSim meeting has been rescheduled to start at 9:30 am, same location.


I will pledge $100 to him.

-----


Dear everyone,

We understand the as members of Enron Research group, all of us are working
on very interesting projects, some of which are ground-breaking, and we all
keep a very keen mind on any development of new technology.  We also find
out, through our own experience, that at this age of information explosion,
it becomes more and more difficult to have enough time and energy to keep
abreast with most of the exciting stuff taking place in this department, let
alone in the industry.  It is also our personal experience that many a
project we are working on has partially been attempted by other members of
this group.

As a remedy, we propose that the research group start an informal brown bag
lunch group meeting, once every two weeks on Friday, for about 50 minutes.
It is hoped that it will provide a forum for us to facilitate with new
technology and development, as well as with each other,s work, so that we do
not have to reinvent the wheels.

We envision the following: In this meeting (or seminar), each one of us will
take turns to make presentations to the group. The topics could range from
theoretical consideration to practical implementation, be it option pricing,
process modelling, insurance issue, or Monte Carlo simulation, or anything
one finds fascinating.  The presentation material could be papers you have
been reading recently, projects you are working on,  some problem that
bothers you, or an idea that is fascinating. You  choose your own
presentation style.  It could be
everything-you-always-wanted-to-know-but-were-afraid-to-ask, hand waving
style, or it can involve nitty-gritty, detailed derivations, anyway a style
that suits you and the topic.  Or it can simply be a dry-run for your
presentation at the next Risk Conference.  Zimin and Alex will take upon the
responsibility of organizing the seminar.

We hope the seminar will be up and running in two-three weeks. For that
purpose your support will be greatly appreciated. Please let either Zimin or
Alex know if you are interested in giving a presentation to the group and
provide a tentative schedule. Surely the rest of the group will be happy to
hear your presentation.

We encourage everyone to participate this brown bag meeting, either to give a
talk or just sit in.

Alex Huang


FYI.
Claudette and TJ -- Please forward to your groups.  Thanks.

-----


A meeting is scheduled for tomorrow, Tuesday, November 28, 2000 with regard
to the new Trading Track program.
The meeting will be held in 49C1 from 4:00 - 5:00 p.m.


The next options session will be held on Monday, Dec. 3 1:00-2:00 in ECS 05990.
The topic will be "Options Session 2: Spread Options", covering crack, heat and spark spreads and will include case studies.
Dave


On October 17, 2001 Rockland Electric Company and PJM filed with FERC a joint application for the transfer of operational control from the NYISO to PJM of certain facilities located in Northern New Jersey.  The facilities are the transmission assets in the Eastern Division of Rockland's service territory.  This includes approximately 400 MW of load in Bergen County, NJ and transmission facilities that are already directly interconnected with PJM (note that other Rockland facilities located in NJ, namely those in northern Passaic County and Sussex County (Rockland's Central and Western Divisions respectively) will not be transferred to PJM and will remain under the operational control of the NYISO since these facilities are not directly interconnected with PJM nor with Rockland's Eastern Division).  The filing requests approval of the transfer by November 30, 2001 which would allow PJM to take operational control on February 1, 2002 (the filing does not address what, if any, changes to the operation date might be if FERC does not approve this by Nov 30).  Rockland Electric is a subsidiary of Orange & Rockland Utilities which is a subsidiary of Con Edison.

The transfer adds approximately 400 MW of load and 56,000 customers (mostly residential and commercial) to PJM.  There is no increase in supply, therefore the total load of PJM is increased by 400 MW without any additional resources.  The transmission assets include 138-kV (8.3 miles), 69-kV (35.9 miles) and 35-kV (12.4 miles) transmission lines and 11 substations (the filing includes a detailed description of these assets).

Let me know if you require any additional information.


We have begun the testing phase of a broker application that will allow Brokers to execute transactions over EnronOnline on behalf of their clients.  We anticipate that there will be four brokers online when we launch on or about March 19, 2001.  Between now and the launch date we will be giving these brokers additional user ids to view prices on EnronOnline.

Listed below are the brokers that will have access and the products they will have execute rights on:

1. Amerex: Worldwide gas, power, crude products and bandwidth
2. Prebon: North American gas and power; European gas and power
3. Natsource: North American gas and power; Emissions; Coal
4. Power Merchants: US Financial Gas

All transactions which are executed by brokers on EnronOnline numbers will be free of brokerage charges.  We are under non-disclosure agreements with each of these brokers and therefore should not discuss the terms of these deals.  The brokers are particuliarly concerned about the impact with other customers if the terms of these agreements become public.

We are in discussion with other brokers to provide this same service.  I encourage you to contact us with any brokers that may have an interest in viewing and executing on EnronOnline prices.

Please call me with any questions or concerns at 713 853-0397.


Kevin, Rogers, and Dana -- We do not have to do or say anything since, per NEPOOL, Enron is in compliance.  However, if you feel that NEPOOL participants are not trading with us and we need to make some statement, we can (if ok with legal).  Let us know. Thanks.

-----


You have been selected to receive either a BlackBerry or iPAQ if you feel it will meet your business needs.
The BlackBerry provides the following features:
Fully interactive - write, send, receive and respond to messages right from the unit
Synchronize all email composed and responded to via your handheld with your desktop email
Email responses from RIM handhelds appear exactly as if they came from your desktop email
Access web information including stock quotes, news, travel, sports, entertainment and more
Coverage that follows you nationwide - with no roaming fees
The iPAQ pocket PC is
Simple to use slim and powerful Pocket PC in a leek, elegant design
Wireless-ready access to email, internet/intranet, and corporate network
Modular expansion packs for expandability and flexibility
Industry-leading hand held capabilities for the enterprise
Extensive software suite
If you choose the BlackBerry device, it will also replace your current pager.
For more information or to schedule a preview of these devices call Jean McFarland at 51615. Upon ordering you will
need to provide Jean McFarland an email with your name and external ID.
(Your external ID is located in eHRonline.enron.com.  To find it, log in to eHRonline.enron.com.  Select Personal Information, then select other.
This will bring you to your personal info page.  Your external ID is located in approximately the middle of the page to the right of your SAP ID.)
Please reply by Wednesday, October 24th.  If you have any questions, don't hesitate to give me a call at 36136.


Yea, I'm picking up 2 tix today....hopefully.
John

Jennifer Burns

10/09/2000 10:38 AM


are you sure...have you ever been to bon coupe before
don't knock it till tou try it


John, The email below addresses you question regarding Barton Energy Texas Roundtable.  Please call if you need anything else - 512-320-5957...Jean

-----


Robin,
Darren corrected these.  If you have any questions, please call him....he is the master.  : )


-----


Congrats on your new job..


Enron Recruitment Technology is launching a new, easy to use, web-based Employee Referral Program.

This new site will help you to help Enron find the talent it needs. Referrals are one of the best sources of talent for Enron in terms of quality and fit with Enron's culture. We have found that referrals stay with the company longer and adapt faster than those hired through other sources. This site will help us run a world-class employee referral program with less work and better results.

There are also incentives for you. If you refer a candidate who is hired, you could be eligible to receive a cash reward of up to $5,000.

So help someone accelerate their career, make yourself some money, and help us realize our mission of being the World's No. 1 Company.

Check out the site - http://enron.referrals.com/promo.asp - let us know what you think -- we want to hear from you. This application should make referring easier for you so if you have suggestions that would enhance the program, send us an e-mail (Referral.Station@enron.com) or contact the Referral Station at (713) 345-3254, option 2.

David Oxley


Date: Thursday, January 24, 2002

Location: The Houstonian Hotel

Orientation will be split into two sessions and divided by alpha-order. Sessions will run 10am-1pm and 2pm-5pm.

We encourage all of you to attend your designated session as valuable information will be presented, and you will have the opportunity to get answers to your questions.

You will need to bring your Enron ID card or drivers license.

You can speed things up tomorrow by filing in the attached forms - alternatively you can complete them there tomorrow

10am Session   Letters A- K

2pm Session Letters L-Z


Registration will be outside of the Juniper Room.

Bus Transportation

Buses will depart from the Java Plaza area on the ground floor of the north building at:

First session 				Second session
8:45am-9am				12:45pm-1pm


Attached for comments/discussion is the gov't affairs' draft proposal for an
Enron model for RTOs.  This includes the flowgate transmission rights model.
We are also working on a new open access tariff based on this model.  RTO
proposals are due to FERC 10/15.   Thanks.


FYI.   Looks like PIRA will be releasing a bearish material balance and 02 gas price outlook soon.

-----


Thanks for taking me in last night.  Sorry about being drunk and stinky.
My cab, that we called at 6:10, showed up at 7:02.  I was so pissed.


FYI.  Please let me know if this should be forwarded to someone in ENA Canada.  Thanks.

-----


Dana,

Here are the values of the annuities in the book as of 12/18/2001.  These annuities represent amounts UI paid to Enron for the specified PPA's taken on during the transaction.

Stacey

Deal #		Description			Amount
277987		Bridgeport/RESCO from UI	$132,435,059
277854		Derby Hydro pmt from UI		$      432,504
277816		Shelton	Landfill pmt from UI	$    1,271,462


The following list represents other values associated with Resco, Derby and Shelton.


Deal #		Description			Amount
277987		Resco Deal			$(139,333,170)
257449.2	Receipt of capacity Resco	$    3,889,708
255034		Longs - Derby Hydro		$        (29,107)
257449.4	Receipt of capacity Shelton	$         49,488

I have also attached a file with UI current deal numbers and comments attached to those deals, thought it might help.

Stacey


The HoustonStreet Price Posting Agreement has been terminated.  Please do not have any conversations with HoustonStreet or discuss the status of the agreement to any external parties.  All calls from HoustonStreet should be forwarded to me.

Bob Shults
EnronOnline LLC
Houston, Texas 77002-7361
713 853-0397
713 825-6372 cell
713 646-2126
bob.shults@enron.com


1-D theta included, document updated.


Hey Sugar Bear!


I was just thinking about you and was hoping that everything is going okay
for you.  I constantly keep you in prayer regarding your situation.   How's
Erika doing?

You missed church Sunday when they forceably removed one of the guys (aaron
Burr) from the church.  You remember he was the one that used to sit on the
front row and get happy alllllllllll the time.  You remember him, anyway they
hauled his tail out of there.  It was terrible to see someone hauled from the
church, not matter what the situation is.

Oh well, take care, and call me if we need to talk!!!!


Please send to gary smith

-----


My brother was coming back from London to go so I went out and paid a fortune
from a scalper for two....


I really do appreciate it though..


I would like to get you all set up with the RAC website (icon above).  This will enable you to see your daily VaR, drill down to VaR by risk type, by month and run VaR scenarios.

This is where we pull in our information for the VaR report we publish each morning, and with this you won't have to wait for us to publish before you can see the numbers.

Everyone has been granted access to the east desk VaR and some of you are already set up with your defaults on the website.

For those who aren't................

Copy this icon to your desktop
Once you enter the site (rac.enron.com) click on "Market Details" on the bottom of the list on the left
The top left box (VaR) will be where you will see the numbers each day
"Edit" to pick your names

below are the names listed for the east desk (this will show you the total east var and break it down by trader)...identical to what we have been publishing

S_NEAL
C_AMES
BRAWNER
C_GERMANY
J_HODGE
J_HODGE-VNG
P_KEAVEY
B_MCKAY
J_MCKAY2
S_PEREIRA
V_PIMENOV
A_RING
J_TOWNSEND
V_VERSEN
LAVORATO-EAST

Once everyone is set up we will stop publishing the VAR in the morning.

Please ask me or your book admin. if you have any questions.

Thanks

Kam


We signed last night with Black Hills Energy Capital.  They have till 5:00PM Thursday to deliver either the LC or the Corp guaranty.
Chris Calger
503-464-3735

-----


we have to open accounts and we're doing that now.

G

-----


I plan on taking vacation October 4, 5, 8,9 10, 11, and 12. This will finish my vacation for the year. thanks. sj


Just sitting around.


A heads up for you gas folks that Enron will be on ComEd's side against Dynegy on this power issue at
FERC, since EES designates Firm LD contracts as sources on ComEd's network transmission system (Dynegy wants ComEd to only allow "capacity" contracts to be used).  We plan to file the Enron response on Friday.

-----


It sounds like I need to clafify my plans for trading and risk management of
power in Ontario.

1.  Garrett is in Toronto and should be doing everything possible to try to
understand all the ins and outs of the Ontario Power Market including
building forward curves.  He has dual reporting to Paul Devries (head of the
Enron's Toronto operation) and Dana Davies (head of ENA power trading for the
Northeast U.S.).  Dana has ultimate risk management responsibility for
Ontario.

2.  My current opinion is that we should trade Ontario out of the Toronto
office with risk management responsibilities rolling into Dana.  This could
always change in the future if it doesn't make sense.

3.  John Mckay, although he has been helping Bill out, will ultimately have
no power trading responsibilities.

4.  Tom May is the cash trader in N.Y. reporting to Dana.  I expect us to use
Tom's expertise with respect to Ontario to build up our competency there,
however, Toms' main role will be N.Y.

5.  Garrett should spend some time (probably soon) in Houston getting to know
the people and the technical resources available to him.

If anyone has any questions concerns please give me a call.

John


Thank you Victor.  I deleted the demand charges on the duplicate deal, #139693.
Thanks


-----


Market Design Workshops on 1/22-1/23.  Mainly various ISO speakers.

-----


Here is the updated list.
Thanks

-----


Diane and Jeff -- I am going to be on vacation, so please coordinate the
volumes, and California percentages with Sarah Novosel  202-466-9160.  Thanks.

Diane H Cook
12/12/2000 03:10 PM


Password Deletion

It has been noted that many users have passwords which match or are similar
to their User ID's for internal EnronOnline applications (Stack Manager,
Product Manager, EOL Reports).

This is a significant security concern. Therefore, there will be a sweep of
ID's and passwords at the end of the day on Thursday, April 5. Any User ID's
which have passwords similar to the User ID will be subject to deletion.

Changing Your Password

Passwords can be changed in either the Stack Manager or in EOL Reports.

To change your password in the Stack Manager, once logged on, go to toolbar &
select "Help" and then select "Change Password".
The system will request you to enter your NEW password twice.

To change your passsword in EOL Reports, open the Reports application, log
in, select "Options" and "Change Password".The system will request you to
enter your NEW password twice. Please note that the password change
functionality within the Reports application is new. If it does not appear on
your menu and you are running on a standalone machine, you will need to
logout at the windows level and then login again to receive the updated
version.

If you have any questions, please call the EnronOnline Help Desk (Houston:
713 853 4357,  London: + 44 20 7783 7783)

Thank you for your assistance in preserving appropriate security.

Dave


The August issue of Short Circuits looks at the transmission grid and the largest investor owned utility holding companies.


Rita Hartfield
Phone:  713-853-5854
Fax:  713-646-4702
Cell:  713-504-5428
Rita.Hartfield@enron.com


The lady's name is Charlene Jackson.  I don't know here, but give her a call
and check it out.  See you Sunday!


done

-----


Please note that with the authorization below, interconnection issues with
the attached utility still need to be addressed.  (This includes agreement,
queue, facilities if needed, etc.)  Call us if you need assistance.  Thanks.


Louise,
Cancellation charges have been the focus because the cash is provided by e-Next banks (turbopark).  The cash paid to date is less than the actual contractual obligation to date.  We do not need balance sheet cash to continue, but we need to come up with B/S cash if we terminate.  Hopefully the following clarifies:
Cash Payments to Date:
GE7FA		13,328
ST		909
HRSG		1480
Interest 	350
Total:		16,067
Next Payments:
GE7FA		1,566		Nov 21
ST		2,849		Dec 1
HRSG		2,960		Dec 1
These are estimates - the timing of the actual payments depends upon when the vendor completes some of the work - payment based on milestones
Cancellation Charges:
10/31:		$23MM
11/1:		$24MM
11/30:		$28.3MM
Each day from 11/1 to 11/30 the cancellation charge increases by approx $150K
DASH is based on contractual exposure, not cash out the door, hence the request at this time.  In addition to looking for opportunities to sell the equipment and the project, we are looking into the ST and HRSG contracts to make sure the vendors are not in any sort of breach.

-----


TJ and Claudette -- please forward to your groups:
FERC held a discussion today on the status of NE, SE, and Midwest RTO proposals.  The FERC judges and staff gave the Commission reports from the mediations and current MISO, SPP and Alliance filings.  While there was much discussion about the appropriate model (non-profit ISO, Transco, ITC), with questions on whether congestion management models were the same or simply compatible, no decisions were made by FERC.  Chairman Wood did commit to quickly providing "certainty" to all stakeholders, including the investment community.  He asked FERC Staff to prepare reports on each region based on comments received at RTO week and through filed RTO week comments (Enron will file Nov. 2) and report back to FERC at the Nov. 7 meeting.


Assistance

As always, if you have any problems with any EnronOnline functionality,
please contact the 24 hour Help Desk (Houston: 713 853 4357, London: +44 (0)
20 7783 7783, Australia: +61 2 9229 2300).


General Feedback

If you have any comments on the new functionality, or suggestions for further
functionality, please call David Forster on 713 853 1861. If you had
previously suggested new functionality which didn't make it into this
release, rest assured that you have not been forgotten - we are working hard
to improve all elements of EnronOnline and will try to incorporate your
requests into the next release of the EnronOnline Stack Manager.


The report named: East P/L Totals <http://trv.corp.enron.com/linkFromExcel.asp?report_cd=1&report_name=East+P/L+Totals&category_cd=1&category_name=EAST&toc_hide=1&sTV1=1&TV1Exp=Y&current_efct_date=10/30/2001>, published as of 10/30/2001 is now available for viewing on the website.
(Revision: 2)
Publisher's Notes:
Correction: FT-New York and VNG


I will be on vacation the week of July 17th through July 21st.  If you have
any risk questions, please refer them to  Dave Baumbach. If you need to get
in touch with me you can try my cell phone (713) 504-2666 or (850) 267-4300.


A number of parties protested Entergy's Source and Sink filing at FERC based
on arguments similar to ours (discriminatory treatment of PTP
customers/Generation only control areas approved by NERC).  As you can see,
TDUs and utilities joined in on this.:

Dynegy Power Marketing
Aquila Energy Marketing
Peco Energy Co.
Municipal Energy Agency of Miss.; Lafayette Utilities System; and the
Lousiana Energy and Power Authority (who pointed out that Entergy's proposal
could,  perhaps, only work in a big, regional system and that Entergy had
left SPP)
Coral Power, ELCON and Enron
VEPCO (who now owns an approved generation only control connected to Entergy
and TVA.  VEPCO alerts FERC that Entergy already refused transmission with
a sink at the new control area, even though Entergy asks for a May 22
effective date.)
Louisiana Energy Users Group
Tenaska Power Services
El Paso Merchant Energy (asks FERC to promote gen. only control areas as
"hubs" in order to move more toward the gas model)

Finally, ComEd filed comments stating this is an important issue and FERC
should resolve this before the summer.  ComEd did not take a position on
whether Entergy's filing was good or bad.  Maybe ComEd's filing will get FERC
to deny Entergy's request before the summer, rather than setting it for
hearing!  (There so far are no filings in support of Entergy.)

Let me know if you would like a copy of any of these.


I will be on vacation until July 9th. If you need to talk to me, try 605-272-5680. If no answer, try 605-272-5296. Cell phones and pagers don't work too good up there. I will be checking my voice and e:mails in the evenings, probably after 10:00 pm. sj


It appears that Shelley will not be flying back to the states until January 4th.  It doesn't look like she will be celebrating New Year's eve in Texas, but, I'm sure it will be one that she will remember for the rest of her life...

Rick

----- 


Sorry, I sent the wrong version of the model.

Alex


Subject: Access Card Information

Dear Colleagues,

We know you have many questions about your new benefits plan, payroll issues and other changes that will occur over the next few weeks. Human Resources and Communications are preparing a thorough Q&A, which we will send to you tomorrow and will regularly update as more information is available.

Meanwhile, please read the announcement below from Security about how you can obtain a new UBS Warburg access card that will allow you to enter our new office space after Friday.

I am confident that you share my enthusiasm about our new opportunity.  We look forward to working along side each of you in the coming days.

David Oxley
Human Resources
____________________________________________________________________

Access Cards

There will be a two-day transition for the new UBS Warburg access cards. Beginning Monday, February 11, access to the 5th and 6th floors of Enron Center South will require these new cards. UBS Warburg access cards can be picked up from 7 a.m. to 7 p.m. at the reception area on the 5th floor of Enron Center South on Thursday, February 7th ; Friday, February 8th ; and Monday, February 11. Enron Security will produce new access cards with existing photographs, then simultaneously issue the new and collect the old cards. Employees without UBS Warburg cards will be allowed into the Enron Center South building on Monday but will have to collect their new cards as soon as possible to gain access to the 5th and 6th floors.

Employees who fail to collect their new cards by 7 p.m. Monday will be required to contact Enron Security's general information number at 713-853-5360 to arrange to pick them up.

There will be security staff available at the pick up point on ECS 5 to help with any problems you might have.

It is suggested employees wear their access cards at all times while on the premise.

Accessible Areas - The new cards will allow UBS-W employees to enter:
5th & 6th floors and Plaza area of Enron Center South ,
The Sky Ring
Body Shop, Enron Center North Plaza and therefore access the Credit Union and Cafeteria from either building.

Restricted Areas - Employees must submit to Enron Security a Restricted Access Request form (available by calling 713 8535360 ) and signed by Bob McAuliffe (713-853-7468) to enter:
Enron Center South, 8th and 9th floors
Enron Center North, 22nd and 34th floor
Ardmore Data Center.

Employees staying with the Enron estate while visa and other issues are completed - Employees in this group who are on assignment arrangements to UBS-W will be issued a regular access card - available in the same way as other new UBS-W employees.

Estate employees who are working with UBS-W on transition issues  - If they will be based in UBS-W office space they should talk to their UBS-W counterpart for approval and then UBSW HR for the issue of a UBS-W contractor card (in addition to their regular Enron badge).


Jim should call with aphone number so that I don't ave to over there

Please send me an email to let me know


We received the $15MM L/C from Black Hills Corp. so we are done - we have a definitive purchase and sale agreement with Black Hills Energy Capital to divest of JEDI II/Enron's effective 100% membership interest in Southwest Power L.L.C.  Southwest's assets consist of Las Vegas Cogeneration L.P., Sunco, Ltd. L.L.C and Las Vegas Cogeneration II, L.L.C.  Financial closure is expected on or before August 31, 2001.


I'm happy to take their names off the list, but are we sure this is the right thing to do?

If so should I put any new names in their place?

David

-----


I just called my other friend, her name is Renee Lewis and her home number is 281-484-2380.  She has sang the I Believe in You and Me song mnay times before at weddings and she is familar with Kissing You, but said its a really sexy song,  Have Barbara call her because she has alot of ideas.  She's a professional now and she can suggest all kinds of songs.  Take care!


Please forward to kevin howard.

-----


Pira will be in the office for a power briefing tomorrow at 9:30 in ECS 5990.  The power group said they have a few open seats for the gas group (2-3 per desk).  Please pass this along to the people in your group that you want to attend.

Thanks,
Chris

-----


Thanks, Jeff.

-----


The meeting will at the most last a little more than an hour or 2.    Nothing special to prepare for.

-----


We are continuing work to ensure our new online trading system, UBSWenergy, is ready for launch on the week of Feb. 11, which is the week following the anticipated Enron/UBS Closing Date of Friday, Feb. 8.
To assist in this process, we are planning an online trading simulation for Thursday, February 7 from  0900 to 1100 (CST). It is planned to include all  traders, originators, mid/back-office staff and IT teams who would normally be involved with electronic trading.
Purpose of the simulation - The simulation will test our "live" trading environment (restricted to internal access only) and will:
Test the integrity and functionality of the system and related processes (including credit, risk, legal, operations, etc.)
Provide an opportunity for traders to verify their products and product setup
Demonstrate how the trading system and processes work to UBS staff visiting next week
Nature of the simulation - The simulation will include testing of all processes related to trading and mid/back-office functions:
Credit, Legal, Risk, Operations, and other groups:
Profile tests for "external" customers (role-played by Originators)
Profile tests for internal users (traders, back-office, etc.)
Data and Process checking as completed transactions flow through Mid/back-Office systems
Traders and Originators:
Traders will be managing their individual books and associated products. Although we may be restricted to certain financial products on launch day, both physical and financial will be available during the simulation. Each trader will be asked to manage their individual position and profitability goals for the simulation.
Originators and others will be asked to play the roles of counterparties. Credit limits, etc. will be tested during the simulation.
Information Technology:
Will assist in preparing data on the system for the simulation.
After the simulation is over, will work with the relevant groups to test the trade-data in various systems and risk books
Will ensure all simulation data is removed from the system after the simulation is complete.
Next steps
Traders and Originators will be contacted prior to simulation day to ensure they have appropriate access to the system.
Originators will be assigned specific roles. You should expect to receive an email and/or handout on or before Wednesday, Feb. 6.
UBSWenergy personnel will be meeting with back office personnel over the next several days to ensure everything is in place for the simulation.
Summary
This simulation is an important step towards re-launching our trading business. We appreciate the participation of everyone involved as we prepare for the public launch of UBS Warburg Energy and the UBSWenergy trading platform.
If you have any questions, comments, suggestions, or ideas regarding this simulation, please feel free to contact Bob Shults (30397) or myself (31861).


As a follow up to our meeting yesterday, here is a proposed timeline for the simulation which is scheduled for Thursday February 7th between 9:00 am and 11:00 am (Houston time):

Monday February 4th:
Complete preparation of Simulation Events and scripts

Tuesday February 5th:
Credit will provide a list of priority counterparties (anticipated to be approved for launch date)
Online Operations activates all counterparties on priority list in database and inactivates all other counterparties
Credit uses Profile Manager to provide profiles for approved counterparties
RAC inputs Sigma Factors into the database for all active Product Types
Online Operations will issue new application and website User ID's and Passwords to Traders
Online Operations confirms Product Types and Products are in the database
Online Operations confirms Online Contracts are in the database

Wednesday February 6th
Online Operations completes desktop check-ups for all application and website user
Traders access applications and review products and stack relationships
Counterparty User ID's and Passwords will be issued to role players
Credit rolls headroom into online database (evening)
Online Operations confirms database is set to Simulation scripts

Thursday February 7th
Simulation Trading 9:00 to 11:00 (Houston time)
11:00 Emergency shut down of transaction system
11:00 Simulation feedback
11:00 - 3:00 process simulation transactions through mid and back office systems
3:00 - 8:00 Shut down all systems to purge transactions
Credit rolls headroom into online database

Please contact me if you have any questions or concerns on this.  Please notify me if any of these tasks are not or will not be completed on the day suggested.  Thanks


Bob Shults
EnronOnline LLC
Houston, Texas 77002-7361
713 853-0397
713 825-6372 cell
713 646-2126 fax
713 467-6174 home
bob.shults@enron.com
rshults@houston.rr.com


When I remember to put a new book oif checks in my purse, do you want me to
make it out to you or give you cash!


Enron has two mobile units that are available for placement in customer deals or in pure merchant sites.  These are 22MW, trailer-mounted and are being refurbished/packaged for delivery QIII, 2001.  In general, these units will be high heat rate, high emissions, but are cheap and available.

In order to streamline the process and facilitate information flow, I have asked Jim Buerkle to be responsible for placing these machines into income producing deals in the WSCC.  He will evaluate site alternatives, work with the Enron groups that control these machines and structure the commercial deals.  Please forward any opportunities to Jim.  If these units get placed profitably, we will likely step up to manufacture more units available for Summer 2002.

Regards,

Chris


Rod Hayslett
EB4054
713-853-6178


Attached is a proposed test plan from HoustonStreet for tomorrow.  I have reserved conference room 2712 beginning at 2:30 tomorrow and will escort HoustonStreet onto our floor at 2:30 tomorrow.  They will be allowed to set up machines from 2:30 to 3:00.  At 3:00 we will allow HoustonStreet to discuss their plan prior to our review.

Enron has terminated the price posting agreement and has no obligation to do testing.  We have simply agreed to review their system.

During the review  anyone working with HoustonStreet should refrain from making any comments (positive or negative) concerning the performance of the system.  We will simply take the review under advisement.

All discussions with HoustonStreet should be handled by myself or Savita.

If you have any questions call me on 30397.

-----


Please fix.

-----


Jay: Here is the latest site documentation and the site map. Please call me
at any time if you have questions (cell: 713 562 8678)

Awais/Rahil/Paul: If you have any comments on the text, please let me know.
Note that this text has been approved by legal (mostly) and we are short on
time, so text changes will only be made for pressing reasons.

Justin/Mark/Haakon/Jonathan: Changes from last version appear redlined.


Thanks,

Dave


Thank you very much for the nice gift (and, of course, the $1).   I appreciate you girls putting up with me and doing a great job for the whole floor.

Thanks again.


Please complete Hayden's form for your respective regions.
Keep in mind that this could act as potential position limit set forth by UBS so be careful in completing this form.   In addition, UBS has a liquidity reserve used to adjust curves when marking P&L.    The "liquidity reserve" accounts for the fact you can't liquidate at the mid and with big positions you probably can't even liquidate at the bid (offer).
Thanks.

-----


Starting on Monday, January 12, we will begin discussing various topics on gas fundamentals.  For the next few weeks, we will meet from 2:00-3:00 each afternoon in room ECS06716.  I would like everyone's input and new ideas on how we can improve going forward.  A tentative schedule of topics is attached.


Chris


FYI.

TJ and Claudette -- please send to your groups.
Thanks

-----


Approved.


The topic of the November Gas Flows is Shortage to Surplus


Rita Hartfield
Phone:  713-853-5854
Fax:  713-646-4702
Cell:  713-504-5428
Rita.Hartfield@enron.com


Larry is moving over to a Gas Controller position in Steve January's group.  Below, Steve mentions Larry's solid field experience. However, I would like to commend him on his ability to pick up the details associated with our monthly flash process, customer accounts meeting, and the various uploads necessary to help our monthly billing process run so smoothly.  Please stop by and wish Larry luck in his new job.
I am in the process of writing a job replacement justification requisition for Stan's approval and hope to replace his position within a few weeks.
Unfortunately, "Quotis from Bodnar" does not quite have the same ring as "Quotis from Otis"...


-----


2 options:
Either we leave from work and you watch me get a haircut for 20 minutes or...
I pick you up around 6:30...


Attached are the original spreadsheets with additional book requests in yellow.  This should be the end, or close to it, for the Netco gas book requests.  As before, could I get the global id's once you are finished?
Thanks,


FYI
TJ and Claude -- please forward to your groups.  Thanks.

-----


Sorry,
I forgot to attach the spreadsheet.

-----


I do not intend to approve reimbursement by the company for attendance.

-----


October's Short Circuits summaries NERC's and PIRA's outlook of the electric market as of October 2001.


Rita Hartfield
Phone:  713-853-5854
Fax:  713-646-4702
Cell:  713-504-5428
Rita.Hartfield@enron.com


I would like a consolidated report on all generation projects monitored to date.   My recollection was we had identified approx. 50-75 projects to monitor.

thanks.

-----


Would you two be able to attend Shelley's staff meeting for me on Monday, February 11th?  I will be at Alliant Energy in Wisconsin with Lynn Blair and Jodie Floyd to resolve some A/R, measurement and scheduling issues.  Please take notes and pass them along to me on Tuesday.

Rick


how was the concert?


Cheryl,

Thanks for taking care of these so quickly.

I have reattached the central book request with some additional books.  The blue highlighted "Cent" books were on the original request but were labeled as "FB" and should have been PB as the book name.  I assume you did nothing with those books because there was no id next to it.  Is that correct?
I corrected them and also added two new books at the bottom.

Thanks again,

Kam
x3-5781

-----


FYI.

TJ and Claudette--Please forward to your groups.  Thanks.

-----


Hey:
Can you send me the file that you produced of those names so I can shrink it
down a little?
Thanks,
John


Please send tomy direct reports.

While I am out of the officetoday please keep Kevin Howard up to speed on what you see and hear.  He is leading the effort in our areas during this time of stress/crisis for me.


I assume each person is taking appropriate action with regard to disabling
user ID's and/or adjusting credit limits accordingly . . .
Dave


Per voicemail.

-----


We are currently testing with Truequote and anticipate that we will go live on Monday June 4th.  Please let me know if you have any issues concerning this immediately.  The following is a timeline for going live:

5/30 - 6/1     Truequote quiet period (no software of hardware changes); Funtionality/stress testing and acceptance
6/1 evening  Truequote and Enron point to EnronOnline production
6/1 - 6/3       Nymex gas products live. Final acceptance
6/4               Live date


Bob Shults
EnronOnline LLC
Houston, Texas 77002-7361
713 853-0397
713 825-6372 cell
713 646-2126
bob.shults@enron.com


Judy,

I thought I was through, but I'm not.....Can you please send up the the
following contracts:

Wisconsin Power & Light  96045691

WPS     96001003

Also, if someone in my group has already checked it out and returned to you,
just tell me who had it and I'll copy off of them (smile!!).

Also, do you have a copy of the GTC.  We have no idea what it is, and we're
looking for the non-performance language associated with it.

Thanks!


The September Short Circuits summarizes installed capacity, demand, and market design information by NERC region.


Rita Hartfield
Phone:  713-853-5854
Fax:  713-646-4702
Cell:  713-504-5428
Rita.Hartfield@enron.com


Gentlemen,

Please note that part of Eric Shaw's responsibility is LNG asset development. One of my 2002 objectives is to develop an European LNG terminal. It would appear we need to reach an understanding with EEL on where EGM responsibilities stop. Lets discuss.

Clay

-----


175k/yr.   Wow - you get em.

-----


Girl, you know he's lying.  He's a trip, but it was a good sermon.


Jeff -- The region of MAIN sent a letter to NERC asking that the NERC
Security Comm. make a new interpretation about reserving ATC and scheduling
to a generation control area (since we will have the new Enron control area
in MAIN within 2 weeks).  MAIN is trying to prohibit us from using our new
control area as a source or sink.  Attached is Enron's response to NERC and
Howard Hawks asking the PITF to tell MAIN that this issue has already been
decided in last year's win over TVA.  A copy of MAIN's letter to NERC is
being delivered to you today.  Christi Nicolay  37007.


I just got back from the eye doctor.  My eye wasn't scratched.  I had a rusty piece of metal in it!  I tore down my garden (which is framed and covered in chicken wire to keep out the critters) on Sunday and a piece of the wire must have lodged in my eye.  I will spare you the gross details of him using a needle to dig this rusty piece of metal out of my eye like a splinter...  It was numb and still hurt.  I won't be in this afternoon.

Rick


Attached is the September issue of Gas Flows which addresses natural gas prices & demand and Canadian supply.


Hey:
So I was thinking about your NY problem...I might have an answer.  The site
http://www.bestfares.com/internet_charts/hotel_internet.htm
lists cheap hotel specials.  The problem is they won't list them until the
Wednesday before the weekend.  Check it out though.  They have some
reasonable deals.
John


Attached is the new site map file for auctions. It has been modified to
reflect the ordering of the global nav and the removal of the ATA, which is
no longer needed.

The View/Accept Contract screen will contain text cut which is currently in
the About Storage Services section (I will modify the text file accordingly
when received from Haakon).

Note that we are planning on using the same template as represented by the
Market Info. screen in EnronOnline, although there will be a unique set of
graphics for each of:

1) The Auctions Home Page
2) All of the EnBank pages (which will share the same graphic treatment, with
appropriate title amendments).


Dave


May as well cancel.

-----


There will be a desk head mtg tomorrow, Sunday, at 3:00 on the 33rd floor per Lavorato to discuss positions and strategy.  Please confirm via email.  My cell # is 713 557 3330 if there are any problems.


Listed below are the dates for the 2002 UAF meetings.

Southeast UAF mmetings:
Time 1:30PM - 3:30PM
Houston Location: EB30C2

January         29th
February        26th
March           26th
April             30th
May              28th
June             25th
July              30th
August          27th
September    24th
October        29th
November     26th


North and Southwest UAF mmetings:
Time 1:30PM - 3:30PM
Houston Location: EB30C2

January         30th
February       27th
March           27th
April             1st May
May              29th
June             26th
July              31st
August         28th
September    25th
October        30th
November     27th


Prompt month vol is moving from 60% to 40% cob today...should increase capacity for front month by 50% for anybody who wants them.


I received a call from Sarabeth Smith stating that as of 3:00 PM today (July 31) we have a signed agreement with Citizens.  The plant is not expected to come back on line until Thursday or Friday per Darrell.  Amy is coordinating a conference call with Craig Lipke to transition the transaction management to TW.  Darrell will notify Gas Control that we are taking over the monitoring of alarms and set point (flow/pressure) control.  I will coordinate the labor distribution for both Gas Control and Customer Service.  Collectively between the two groups we will be charging out $8,300 per month.


Stephanie:
Please set up Mike Maggi for trding on Intercontinental Exch.
Thanks,
John


Most of the current interconnection agreements contain language requiring a
tax gross up and, possibly, purchase of the utility's preferred meter (with
the utility to own the meter.)

First, there may be possible structures to minimize the tax gross up for
contributions in aid of construction (CIAC).  Contact ENA tax counsel when
working on these deals.

Second, Enron pipelines have allowed the customer to purchase and own its own
metering equipment, as long as such equipment meets the pipeline
requirements.  This would have tax gross up implications because the utility
would own less equipment.  Let me know if a utility is requiring metering
equipment and we would rather use and own our own equipment.

Thanks.


Ok


Please review.   Is there a value proposition for us?

-----


Almost no notice is needed as long as the Products you intend to use are ones which previously appeared on EnronOnline.
Please note that Jan. 21 is a holiday, so we are planning on the launch of NetcoOnline happening on Tuesday, Jan. 22.
Thanks for the info.
Dave

-----


FYI.

-----


Please see attached.


Welcome to UBS Warburg Energy, LLC

All UBS Warburg Energy, LLC employees are invited to join us for breakfast and happy hour on
Friday, February 8, 2002.

Breakfast, 8:15 a.m., here on the 3rd floor.

Happy Hour, 3:00 p.m., appetizers and drinks (2),
Fernando's Hideaway, 824 SW First Avenue (upstairs)


We hope you will join us!
Chris and Tim


I know I have been absent from the 2 regularly scheduled meetings on Friday am for the last 2 weeks and it is not going to get a lot better for the next 2 weeks either.   For this I apologize, but I am trying to understand the new expanded world to determine any potential points of integration, if any.    I am going to have Kathy see if there is a time earlier in the week that we might be able to use for direct reports and administrative matters and a separate time for Commercial support reviews.  Please keep the reports flowing  as this is currently my means of keeping up.     I would like for staff meetings to continue, even in my absence for the next 2 weeks.

I am working on some organizational changes, which I am not quite ready to discuss, but they should not impact the majority of you at all.     I will not be replacing me in my old position in ETS, but will be expanding the crew to include the worlds of EGAS, Wind, Azurix, EEOS, Portland (they will be here for most of the next year) etc.     In the meantime if you need to talk to me please have Kathy get you in to my schedule in person or via phone.    I am also in the office nearly everyday, other than tuesday (EOTT staff meetings), by 6:30 am.


Rod Hayslett
EB4054
713-853-6178


From East Power's perspective, the East PJM development site is the only site/turbine of interest and we should pursue pending transmission analysis to ensure the site is within the congested area of East PJM.

-----


FYI - Training dates for PJM West training class.  Note the December 3 date at the Hyatt Regency in Houston.

-----


Thane's daughter, Sarah, is in Texas Children's Hospital.  I spoke with Thane this afternoon, Sarah will have surgery tonight.  The surgery is exploratory in nature, as well as repair of her broken leg. She has been in a great deal of pain since last night.

This has been and continues to be a very difficult time for Thane and his wife, Linda. I sent a doll to Sarah, she is three years of age, from the American Girl Collection on behalf of governmental affairs.  Jean


I asked everyone for their A/A needs and received very little feedback.  Please respond promptly.


Thanks

John


Chris,
It seems like a test should include the final users of the manual entry - the fundamentals group can test it first, but Kevin Brady and Patti Sullivan are the ones that have to use it everyday.  My final point:  everyone listed on this e-mail needs to understand the urgency of finishing the scraping/reporting of the pipeline data.  After all, we are only three months beyond our original target date for the West and two months behind for the Central.  If you have any questions, see me.


-----


i heard he's interviewing to be Shankman's right hand man

Jennifer Burns

10/20/2000 02:12 PM


The original 12/2001 recap sent out had an error which effected previous months plus December UAF numbers.  The problem occurred when a station was accidentally removed from the pipeline balance setup within PGAS.  The attached Recap has been corrected to include this meter and 2001 UAF does NOT look good for NNG.

Current NNG UAF:
December:	-0.81%		-1,023,077 DTH
Year to Date:	-0.39%		-5,155,854 DTH

This makes 8 months in a row of high UAF loss for NNG.

Please try to attend today's UAF to discuss this issue and help put together an action plan to locate and correct problems.


I am talking to GFI for North America.  GFI originally called us concerning Europe but backed down and didnt want to pay. I will ask again if they want Europe.
Natsource Europe is in contract discussions with us for Europe and UK Gas and Power.  They asked us to throw in coal and the coal group said no.  I have tried to get them to change their position as this will add liquidity.  Ask them why they do not want Natsource. They pay nothing for executions by Natsource.
TFS has not been contacted concerning Europe.  Feel free to contact them and try to get a deal.  Call me to discuss.

-----


They took Philippe. Neil, can you tell me were we stand with them?

-----


October's Gas Flows incorporates views from CERA and PIRA on near-term natural gas price and demand.


Rita Hartfield
Phone:  713-853-5854
Fax:  713-646-4702
Cell:  713-504-5428
Rita.Hartfield@enron.com


Attached is a FERC proforma tariff.  However, each transmission provider will have its own version approved by the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (FERC) and it could contain substantial changes.  Also, the ISO tariffs are quite different and have numerous other rules.


I have had many complaints over the last year about the inability for the interest rate group to set their curves on time and on a consistant basis.  Every few months I once again ask Puskar (sp) and/or Gary to deal with this.  I am getting very upset.  We have 50 to 100 risk book runners who are forced to work late always siting the interest rate curve as the reaon.

Please Help


I will not be in today. I am not feeling well - sinus drainage, sore throat, body aches.  If you need me, you can reach me at home at (281) 359-6258.  I will follow up with my group to make sure I have everything covered for today and prepared for tomorrow's Customer Accounts Meetings.

Rick


Hi all,
I have made modifications on the model as requested.  It now handles different
volatility curves as well as 4 different hour blocks.

Alex


See the notice below regarding the next PJM Energy Market Committee (EMC) meeting on Nov 8. I will be on jury duty that day and will be unable to cover the meeting.  The  EMC is the most active (and activist) committee in PJM where most issues and changes to market rules and the tariff are proposed and debated (an agenda has yet to be issued).  I would suggest that we provide coverage of this meeting either in person or conference call.  If you are interested in attending or participating via conference call let me know.

-----


Thanks Joe and Sherry. I am also sending this to Jo Williams for consideration. sj

-----


EnronOnline Auctions are now live in the Production database, with EnBank
virtual storage as the first product offering.

There is a new Auctions button on the bottom of the Quotes screen (replaces
the old Market Info. button). Please look over the site contents and let me
know if you spot anything which needs to be edited.

For detailed EnBank questions, please refer customers to the EnBank HelpDesk
at 011 44 (0) 207 783 7700. All media calls concerning EnBank should be
directed to Jonathan Whitehead: 011 44 (0) 207 783 6534. Media calls
concerning EnronOnline Auctions within Enron's broader EnronOnline/e-commerce
strategy will be handled by myself: 001 713 853 1861.

Many thanks to those who have put in long hours to bring EnBank and the new
auctions site to fruition in record time.

Dave


Girl, you are good, how much do I owe?


As most of you know, NRG's proposed purchase of two coal plants in Conneticut (UI's territory) was recently cancelled due to regulatory issues at FERC.   The purchase and sale transaction between Wisvest and NRG was originally entered into almost two years ago.   The proposed purchase price of $350 million for 1000 MW of coal was a "bargain price" at the time due to environmental risks that are specific to the state of CT.

Over the past 2-3 years, the State of Conneticut has threatened to have these coal plants shut down due to pollution issues and Wisvest was concerned enough about this risk that they "puked" the plants to NRG for $350/kW in early 2000.   At a minimum, it is expected that $100-150/kW of SCR and/or scrubbers will be required at these facilities to appease the CT regulatory bodies.

My strong view is that, as a practical matter, the plants cannot be shut down or the lights would go out in CT.   The area where the plants are located is quite possibly the most congested area in the entire Eastern Interconnect.   The load pocket is significantly short MW and transmission import capability is inadequate to serve the load in this area.   In a true "locational marginal price" environment, the prices would likely be similar to Zone J in New York   Currently, pricing in NEPOOL is generally socialized with congestion costs spread equally to all loads, regardless of who causes the congestion.

In the recently proposed "single NE RTO" model, it is about 80% certain that the PJM "locational marginal price" market model will be implemented sometime between mid-2003 and mid-2004.   At that point in time, consumers in the congested areas of NEPOOL (in-city Boston and CT) will be exposed to higher energy prices, while consumers in Maine, New Hampshire, and Rhode Island should see lower prices.

Given the facts above, coupled with traditional asset companies too long to show good bids for incremental assets, I think EWS should pursue discussions with Wisvest immediately and attempt to buy these coal plants at what could be extremely favorable economics relative to our forward curve in NEPOOL and our bullish view for relative pricing at the asset "node".

If we could buy these plants for approx $250/kW with $150/kW of environmental upgrades, the resulting "all-in" (depr, fixed & variable O&M, fuel costs, NOx, SO2, capital reserve, interest) 7x24 plant cost would be approx. $34-36/Mwh.    This is lower than our energy only socialized NEPOOL curve.   Additional upside is derived from positive basis, ICAP, ancillary services, emissions allowances, and long term requirements sales to LSE's.

Lavo and Louise - This could be the "Alberta PPA" for 2002.   Lots of "hair" but lots of upside.

Any thoughts?


fyi

-----


Hey :
Just wanted to see if you're doing anything tonight...
Any interest in getting dinner?
John


Thanks


Effective today Natsource will have an execute id for www.brokerclient.com which will allow them to execute transaction on EnronOnline for their customers.

The Natsource agreement includes confidentiality language which prohibits discussion of the agreement with others.

Any questions relative to Natsource Agreement should be directed to me at 713 853-0397.


Attached is a list of EES retail issues regarding the matters we discussed
yesterday.  We are beginning to track down answers to these issues, and we
look forward to coordinating our efforts.  MDS


Hey Jeff,

Have you heard about my idea to trade ags with my black box model?

Gary

-----


See below for PJM West market trial results.

-----


this one is from john - and should say from john


Yes, she'snot familiar with the music, but said she would listen to the music and see what she thought, but I have put in a call to my other friend, but I know she would do it if her schedule was open, but she does is professionally, and I know there would be a charge,  I should hear something today from my other friend.


Periodically, you will be receiving email notices from Mechelle Atwood requesting response to audit findings for which you were identified as the responsible party.  Please complete the required documentation in a timely manner, as closing out the audit issues is critical to wrapping up the audit process for FY2001.

If you have any questions, please contact Mechelle directly at ext. 54554.

Thanks you for your cooperation and prompt attention to this matter.


Cancel me out of lunch and any other meetings tomorrow.

Rod Hayslett
EB4054
713-853-6178


We will have employment contracts done soon and employment letters to those not getting employment contracts by tommorrow or Saturday.

-----


As a result of a smooth launch and market demand, we are accelerating the
timetable for the launch of several EnronOnline products.

Specifically,  after the launch of U.S. power on Monday, Dec. 13th, we will
be launching the following:

Wednesday, December 15: US Coal, U.S. Plastics, US Pulp and Paper
Thursday, December 16: Norwegian Power

Although the legal review has been completed for all of the above, I would
appreciate it if you would look once more at the products which are relevant
to your area and confirm that you are happy with them (some of you are
already in the process of doing so - thank you)

We absolutely want to avoid making changes after launch due to the problems
associated with changing descriptions on products which have already traded.

The Product Long Descriptions can be seen in the Product Manager by expanding
the Product Type in the tree to show each of the dependent Products, then
right-clicking the Product, selecting View and then pressing the View
Description button which appears on the pop-up window.

Please contact myself or Dale Neuner if you have any comments.

Thanks,

Dave


I had sent out an incorrect revision of the agenda for today's UAF meeting.  Attached is a copy of the correct agenda with last months meeting notes.  This agenda also includes the dates for year 2002 UAF meetings.


Kenneth


We are not done.  On Friday when we were prepared to sign, Black Hills Energy Capital said they needed until today to get a signature from their parent, Black Hills Corp.  At noon today they said that the signature was on its way.  At 4:00PM we heard that they will issue a L/C instead of the Corp guarantee.  The L/C approach is fine, but I am concerned with this flaky behavior.

Our plan is to sign the purchase and sale with Black Hills Energy Capital tonight/tomorrow morning.  They would have the obligation to deliver either a gurantee or an L/C for $15MM by Thursday.  If not, we can terminate at any time prior to close of business Monday.  I will update when something changes.

Chris Calger
503-464-3735


Hey,
Can you add Whalley and/or Andy Zipper to Pedrone's interview schedule.  He
can come in earlier if necessary.

If you need to talk to him, he is staying at the Omni and his cell number is
917-699-2222.

John


As our business continues to grow and change, Energy Operations is challenged
daily to ensure best practices throughout all services provided.  We recently
decided to consolidate the Risk Management, Deal Validation and Operational
Analysis functions into one group, directed under the management of a
Business Controller.  I am pleased to announce that Steve Venturatos has
accepted the role of Business Controller for Texas/Upstream Operations,
reporting to me.  Additionally, Dave Baumbach has agreed to serve as the Lead
of the group.  Other additions to the group include Jody Crook, a first year
analyst, and Ami Chokshi.  Ami will continue to serve as the account manager
for both Entex and TUFCO.  The attached oranizational chart identifies all
team members.  Additionally, the Denver trading books will be transitioned
from Will Kelly (who is assuming the Business Controller role for the East
region) to our group.  We will also be working with Keith McIver and John
Peyton to establish risk books for the drilling day rate trading anticipated
to kick off soon.

Mike Eiben has assumed responsiblities previously managed by Steve Venturatos
which include Global Contracts and Facilities, System Enhancements and
Regulatory Reporting.  Clem Cernosek will be joining the Logistics team in a
trouble shooting capacity.  Jennifer Pattison will be joining Volume
Management, focused on trouble shooting and UA4.  Both Clem and Jennifer have
been on the Unify - POPS team.

Please join me in sharing this information with pertinent staff members, and
in wishing each of these employees success in thier new roles.


The first group of trading contracts will go out to 77 companies for a total of 168 counterparties (most companies have multiple entities).  This group obviously does not include everyone, but we have most of our major relationships (and it is the official list that has been submitted to UBS for credit approval.)

The general marketing plan is as follows:
- Contact all customers this week to tell them about UBS Warburg Energy
- Get contract/PA packages in front of First Priority counterparties this week
- Arrange meetings or follow-up calls as appropriate
- Dave Forster and the ubswenergy.com team will be sending out online PA packages to all parties later this week (so it is important to have contacted all customers)
- Once the initial wave of contracts is out and review/negotiations are uderway, we will submit a Second Priority list for credit approval

The attached file has all of the First Priority counterparties, along with names for gas, power, online, credit and legal.   Apologies for the imperfect information - it came from several different sources.  In addition, we have columns for describing the type of agreement and its status (not pursuing, incomplete, done).  Please complete and/or edit the attached and forward to either Debra Bailey or Lloyd Will.  If you think you should take the lead on a particular counterparty, call up the other person and work it out!  Progress on this effort will be reviewed during our twice-weekly calls.


Fine.


Attached is FERC authorization for EPMI and EES to purchase power from
industrials NATIONWIDE (effective March 6, 2001--Does not expire).  The
industrial does not have to obtain its own power marketer license from FERC
(subject to EPMI and EES making certain after the fact quarterlty filings for
the industrials).
Specifics:
Owners of generating facilities located at business locations and used
primarily for back-up for self-generation (who will be "public utilities"
subject to the Federal Power Act only while they sell at wholesale) can sell
power at wholesale from such facilities to EPMI and EES without prior notice
under section 205 of FPA (would usually require 60 day advance notice
filing).
-- Waives certain parts of the filing requirements for the industrial;
however, the industrial will still be subject to shortened filing
requirements for dispositions of facilities and interlocking positions while
they are selling at wholesale.
-- EPMI and EES will make the FERC quarterly filings on behalf of the
industrials for any of these purchases.  Our report must show the names of
the industrial; aggregate amount of capacity and/or energy purchased from
each seller; and the aggregate compensation paid to each seller.
Accounting/commercial folks for EPMI and EES-- please make sure these
purchases are flagged in the accounting system, since the report will be
separate from our big quarterly reports.
-- This does not authorize the retail industrial customer to violate any
rules or tariffs of its host utility.  This does not authorize an industrial
to resell power it purchases (only can sell what it generates); unless
otherwise allowed (or not precluded) by its retail tariff.
West Desk:  This is similar to the authorization that FERC gave last week to
purchases from industrials in WSCC.
____________________________________
On April 27, FERC issued an order granting EPMI and EES the authority to
purchase power from IPPs at market-based rates.  As the attached order
indicates, the effective date of the EPMI and EES rate schedules is March 6,
2001.


Below are contacts if you need help over the weekend with new docs, employee questions, etc.
Amy Fitzpatrick   Cell:  713-859-6266
Jeanie Sloan   Cell:  713-553-7049

I need to know by noon on Sunday who is in and who is not.   For people not committing, try to get there contracts back so we can re-allocate $'s as necessary.   All contracts signed by Sunday at noon will get a $2500 check from me personally.   I encourage all of you to contribute to the fund to entice early signing.  If you need new docs printed, please contact Amy or Jeanie at above #'s or call me.

Harry - You and your guys situation is different, therefore, ignore the Sunday issue.   However, please contact Amy and/or Jeanie to generate contracts for Steve and Rob (use the $'s we talked about).

List of key employees who have not signed:

Gupta
Suarez
Carson
Broderick
Misra
Wang
Stalford
Ballato
Imai

The ERCOT desk is almost done (1 more to go) - kudos to Doug

UBS CONTACTS

IN HOUSTON WEEKEND OF JANUARY 19/20
Position        Home    Work    Cell    Other
Anderson, Mimi  Data Administration     203-353-9121    203-719-6448
Brown, Anthony  All Issues      212-253-6313    212-821-2346    646-244-6311
Galasso, Jill   Data Administration     203-277-2067    203-719-3614
Lee, Jenai      Data Manager    718-788-8468    212-821-6073

KEY CONTACTS WEEKEND OF JANUARY 19/20
Position        Home    Work    Cell    Other
Bliss, Melissa  Front Office    203-655-4678    203-719-6358    203-253-4339
Eastwick, Jacqueline    Front Office    203-966-9294    203-719-4575
Martin, Audrey  Front Office    212-423-5764    203-719-4699    917-468-0237    860-824-7707
Luecke, Susan   Operations      203-602-3332    203-719-6916    914-830-4528
Ciliberto, David        IT      212-253-5477    212-713-3276    917-319-5360
Reichman, Peter FCD/Legal       914-939-4161    203-719-0276    917-417-8914
Knight, Linda   CRM/HR/Market Risk      203-438-5397    203-719-4681    917-848-7251

KEY SPECIALIST CONTACTS WEEKEND OF JANUARY 19/20
Position        Home    Work    Cell    Other
Raman, Kumar    Immigration             212-891-7515
Digiacomo, Larry        Reloction/Int'l Assignees       203-248-4560    203-719-4686    203-696-8646
Hart, Tracy     Compensation Policies   203-358-9687    203-719-4688
Raimondi, Vince Benefits        203-563-0535    203-719-0656    203-563-0535

HOUSTONIAN HOTEL        713-680-2626
War Room - Magnolia Room


Same here!  Great presentation!

-----


Okay, I'll send it via the mail.  I like your new hair style, it looks good!


On Monday, Enron filed these responses to MISO filings at FERC:

-- Protested MISO's proposed $1000 penalty on accepted requests that are subsequently withdrawn by the customer
-- Protested another in the string of MISO proposed changes to its OATT for 12/15/01 start date:  for example, MISO included additional scheduling penalties and removed the ability to settle losses financially
--Commented on MISO's proposed market monitor plan

The pleadings are attached below.


You go girl, you're in my prayers!


I really appreciate your assistance in reviewing the NNG contract files, pulling out and making copies of all letter agreements for our most recent data request from Dynegy.  I understand the coordination this required and the tight time constraint that you worked under (during bid week and the preliminary reservation billing cycle) and am pleased with your sense of urgency.

Thank you for the effort and, as a result, now have complete binders of all letter agreements that are in Houston.  When I am in Omaha on Wednesday, I will ask Dari if she has any letter agreements in her office that may not have been forwarded on to Houston.  If she does, I will make sure we receive copies of these agreements.

Rick

-----


Here is my recommendation for the liquidation of EMW.  I would like to transact as early as Monday, so let me know if we need to clear any other hurdles before transacting.

1. Terminate all physical and financial deals between ENA and EMW. (approximate $24.5 million loss to EMW and gain to ENA).  The loss will be removed from EMW's commodity book and recorded in Schedule E. This creates a payable on ENA and a receivable on EMW.  Jeff - can  you help create a document that terminates all transactions with ENA starting in Feb 02?

2. Sell all NSS inventory to PGL at current market price (expected proceeds $24 million in Cash).  I think both parties are agreeable to using the relevant published Gas Daily price on the trade date. EMW will generate transaction confirmation under the master purchase agreement

4. Cash proceeds will be used to pay down I\C payable with ENA.  Cash will be expected on trade date.

5. EMW will continue to show its receivable from ENA from the termination of the hedges and the I\C payable to ENA on its balance sheet.  Accounting is researching if netting these amounts is appropriate.  EMW will carefully monitor these balances.  It is important that the I\C balance not be reduced to an amount less than its receivable to ENA.  Additional income \ cash generated in EMW will be moved to enovate to prevent future I\C pay down.  We hope to have the accounting for Dec activity finished soon.

EMW's books will be left with some demand charge related to the Trunkline deal and may have some other "sleaving" transactions such as the ROG transaction.  I will work with Phyllis and Mark to finalize the NSS program Year 2 and calculate a demand credit, if any, to PGL.  I expect EMW to remain dormant, except for the above, until a final decision is made on it status.


Richard


For those in Houston I expect some help!

-----


Shelley,  Tim is looking into these balances.  Tejas has an imbalance we're checking into that developed in December for 211K.  It appears estimates were used for actual flow & we don't have a lot of confidence that that much gas actually flowed.  Mike Wagner tells me the check meter is not working and he has had no luck getting anyone to fix it.  Tim is following up w/Tejas to find out what the actual flow for Dec was.  Also, we're currently working trying to take some of the balances in payback to cover FPL working off their imbalance during the outages we have in process.  We're implementing a process with the team to ensure scheduled quantites are tied out each month so Tim & Cynthia can concentrate on actual flow volumes and reconciliation of any old unreconciled imbalances.  Sheila

-----


It is important that our business unit has a consistent, documented approach to spending to maximize our return on every dollar spent.  Effective today, Enron Wholesale Services will follow the attached spend and approval guidelines for the iBuyit eProcurement application.  Please review these new guidelines carefully and modify your purchase activities accordingly.

Many of you currently use iBuyit eProcurement to purchase IT hardware, and others will begin to use the tool on July 2, 2001, to purchase office supplies.  iBuyit eProcurement will automatically route purchase requests for approval based on our spend/approval guidelines.


If you have any questions regarding these guidelines, please contact Tammy R. Shepperd at 713-853-6589.

Thank you for your continued commitment to a strategic approach to spending.


I nee to go to stans office apologize to steve dowd for me


I would like to meet with all the assistants to discuss purchasing and invoice payments.  I have run detailed line items out of SAP for review of expenditures.
Please plan to attend a brief meeting in 3960 on Monday, December 17 at 1:00 PM.  At that time we will discuss office supply purchases.  If you can not attend please let me know.
Donna


I think David Jones forwarded to you the RFP, including a contract, for the subject deal.  Please be aware that, after discussion with the customer,  we are not pursuing this transaction.

Thanks

Louis R. DiCarlo
ENA Gas Structuring
Phone: 713-345-4666
Email: louis.dicarlo@enron.com


Ricki,  would you please forward this message to the NNG & TW teams.

Last Thursday evening, Mary Lou was in a car accident and was bumped around pretty good.  She was taken to the hospital, but sent home that evening w/cuts and bruises.  The following morning, one of the doctors at the hospital called to ask her to return to the hospital for another MRI as they suspicion a brain aneurysm, which was nothing to do with the accident.  Friday evening, Mary Lou called to tell me she does in fact have a very small aneurysm, and she is to go to a neurologist today, Monday.  Either Mary Lou or one of her children will call me later today with another update, which I will forward on as soon as I am notified.  Sheila


FYI.

TJ and Claudette -- please forward to your groups.  Thanks.

-----


Please approve Dutch for ICE

Enron North America Corp.


Tomorrow morning we will be sending www.UBSWenergy.com registration information to the individuals on the attached worksheets.  The mailing will ensure that the individuals receive a guest ID in time for the February 11th go live date.  If you wish to add, delete or amend any of names of the on the list, send me an email with your changes by Friday morning if possible.  Any changes after tomorrow morning will be handle in subsequent mailings.


Bob Shults
EnronOnline LLC
Houston, Texas 77002-7361
713 853-0397
713 825-6372 cell
713 646-2126 fax
bob.shults@enron.com


I have asked the crude group to give a presentation on fuel oil supply and
demand which will take place Wednesday July 12 at 2:15 in the big boardroom
on the 30th floor. I would encourage everyone to come and bring any traders
that you think would benefit from it.


Hi,

Welcome back, I trust you had a good vacation.Nothing much going on here,
just huge price moves.

Anyway, everything we well, for the most part.  As far as Alliance gas is
concerned, the only new information is that the Aux Sable commissioning
process will not start until Wednesday (last estimate) per Anne Buschal.  So
make sure to mention to Hunter on Monday, as everyone else should already
know about it.  Anne's number is 403-517-6270.  She will be calling each
Morning.

My logon and password is: pmims and louise8mom.  Please look at the Nigas
Troy Grove Sheet that I have on my computer.

My position should be around 15 long, just enough to cover rolloff for 2
days.  If its not, please buy/sell to get me close to that number (or
whatever is best depending on which way the market is going).


P.S. I'm selling to Clark Refining at the Illini Point, 4,000/day @ Sitara #
436296.  He wants us to keep them on until he calls to tell us otherwise.
His number is 314-854-9644 Dteve Brown.

I'll be back on Wednesday.


Attached are the responses to the questions of FERC staff about EOL resulting from their visit earlier this month.  I have used the revisions from Louise and incorporated comments from Bob Butts about the value at risk discussion.  Mark Haedicke has reviewed this draft.  I would like to send these to Kim Bruno at FERC later today.

An additional FYI.  Connie Lausten of the U.S. House Government Reform Committee made a request to Enron's DC office to see the trading floor operations in addition to holding a discussion about Enron Online.  She is to meet with Dave Forster and Mark Taylor on Friday, July 13th at 9am.  John Shelk from our DC office told me when people on the Hill say "Enron OnLine" they mean not only the online trading platform itself, but the broader subject of financial products and energy  trading, whether online or otherwise.  John said that the interest coming from the Hill is broader than the platform alone and reflects in many ways a lack of understanding of the benefits of what we do in this area.  We will be coordinating this with the DC office.

Please call me with any comments at 37007.


The main number at the exchange is
212-299-2000

-----


I plan on being out this Friday, Feb. 8th, and will be out of town until Sunday evening. I will have my cell phone and pager. thanks. sj


As discussed in the California conference call this morning, I have prepared
a bullet-point summary of the CERA Special Report titled Beyond the
California Power Crisis: Impact, Solutions, and Lessons.If you have any
questions, my phone number is 713 853-3170.


Attached are the revised files.  I understand that you will provide this to
Shankman.  Please let me know if you need anything else from me or if I can
help explain it to Jeff.


Several people are working independently to create a list of talking points and frequently asked questions relating to our new company, UBSW Energy.  Please forward drafts to Jeff Hodge who will compile, edit and coordinate with the EOL group and UBS legal.


If you take my var away from me at least you owe me a drink!!!

-----


Legal folks -- please let me know of any other legal people who should be
added to interconnection issue emails.
On May 16, FERC clarified its policy regarding credits for network upgrades
associated with the interconnection of a generating facility -- all network
upgrade costs (the cost of all facilities from the point where the generator
connects to the grid), including those necessary to remedy short-circuit and
stability problems, should be credited back to the customer that funded the
upgrades once the delivery service begins.
Once a customer signs up for transmission, then the transmission provider is
limited to charging the higher of the expansion cost or an embedded cost rate.
Generally, Enron has not procured transmission at the time of interconnection
and therefore, may be required to pay the network upgrades at the time of
interconnection; however, the order clarifies that a credit should be
available to the interconnecting customer or a third party that contracts for
transmission away from the generator.
Kinder Morgan v. Consumers Energy  (Docket No. ER01-1587-000)


Area		Oct.		YTD
Southeast	-0.05		+0.05
Southwest	-0.71		-0.05
North		+0.08		-0.02


Total		-0.47		-0.02


Because I am so kind:

Greg Trentham
165 Harding Rd
Glen Rock, NJ 07452

Jack Cogen
60 East End Ave #25A
NY, NY 10028

Brian Tracey
19 Heartstone Lane
Wilton, CT 06897

Brian Manolis
81 Forest Ave
Caldwell, NJ 07006

-----


I am in 50M if you need me.


Let's meet sometime this morning (if you are in) and allow me to catch you up on an a/r discussion that I had with Dave Neubauer last week regarding the clean up of our older receivables.  I will be meeting with Lynn from 9:00 - 10:00 so possibly we can meet right after that.  We'll give stop by and let you know.


-----
